it was disguise for these men
they survived the war and now they came
and they lost their life is horrible
everything was ready for the ninth parade
annual support for war veterans in
the city ​​of Milan Texas when at that
4:30 in the afternoon a terrible
accident happened people started to
jump and we start jumping
of the trailer then that impact
and is that the train impacted the platform
that was transporting 24 veterans
we hear the sound of the train and
we turned to see why the second one was coming
trailer behind us and we saw the
signal that I tried to get off and started
sway in the air minutes later
the emergency units are
they found in the place to provide
help on arrival were surprised by the
shocking scene is very hard
especially looking at them there all
lying they can not do anything the
poor in the accident died the
sergeants gray topher of 37 years
lawrence sway of 47 george michael's
34 and william lovers of 43 plus
sixteen members of the group of
veterans hands for heros turned out
injured due to the seriousness of the
accident memorial hospital
he called all his staff
address and some of the dance
we had to amputate a patient
partially one leg
he also had complex fractures in the
pelvis and we also had a patient
that unfortunately had a fracture
in the back and caused it to stay
paralyzed we need to support us and
recognize that it is a tragic incident
maybe the worst in our history
encounter at the crossroads where the
accident at the moment the board of
transport safety researchers
of pacific union and the police of Milan
they are doing the
expert investigation to determine
if the arrests of
transit went down on time or was
recklessness of the driver many
officials were affected because they saw
the accident for now the street
garfield and industrial avenue were
closed to recover all the
evidences so far you do not know
how long the investigation and
that there are many witnesses
face-to-face and material to investigate
of which the participation
from the driver from milan texas vanessa
It Gandara Univisión